Add Azure FAQ: Invite User (#1257)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/azure-native-isv-service.md

    * [What Azure tenant information does Elastic have access to?](#azure-integration-azure-tenant-info)
    * [What other methods are available to deploy {{es}}?](#azure-integration-cli-api)
    * [How do I migrate my data from the classic Azure marketplace account to the {{ecloud}} Azure Native ISV Service?](#azure-integration-migrate)

>     * [Can multiple Azure users deploy the the same {{ecloud}} Elastic Cloud organization?](#azure-integration-multiple-users)

Reviewer: this will appear as "Elastic Cloud Elastic Cloud"

should this be _to_ the same? 

```suggestion
    * [Can multiple Azure users deploy to the same {{ecloud}} organization?](#azure-integration-multiple-users)
```

    8. Confirm the data has moved successfully into your new {{es}} resource on Azure.
    9. To remove the old Azure subscription and the old deployments, go to the [Azure SaaS page](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/HubsExtension/BrowseResourceBlade/resourceType/Microsoft.SaaS%2Fresources) and unsubscribe from the {{ecloud}} ({{es}}) marketplace subscription. This action triggers the existing deployments termination.

> $$$azure-integration-multiple-users$$$Can multiple Azure users deploy the the same {{ecloud}} Elastic Cloud organization?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$$$azure-integration-multiple-users$$$Can multiple Azure users deploy to the same {{ecloud}} organization?
```

> :   Yes! Before another user creates a native resource from the Azure Portal, invite them to your {{ecloud}} Organization at https://cloud.elastic.co/account/members. When they create the resource, it will get added to the existing Organization instead of creating a new one, and allow you to benefit from consolidated billing, RBAC, and other benefits of an {{ecloud}} organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Yes! Before another user creates a native resource from the Azure Portal, invite them to your {{ecloud}} organization at https://cloud.elastic.co/account/members. When they create the resource, it will get added to the existing organization instead of creating a new one, and allow you to benefit from consolidated billing, RBAC, and other benefits of an {{ecloud}} organization.
```
